Contrary to popular belief Chuck Norris, not the Florida Supreme Court, made the final judgement on Terri Schiavo's fate. It was a roundhouse kick to the feeding tube.
A mighty crack was heard around the world as Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the supercontinent, Pangaea, beginning continental drift.
Chuck Norris doesn't understand why you should consult your doctor if your erection lasts for more than 4 hours. His erections have been known to last for up to 15 days.
Chuck Norris doesnt look at the toilet paper after he wipes.
Chuck Norris throws midgets for fun. He used to do it competitively, but it all ended horribly when he killed the pope.
Someone once tried to assassinate Chuck Norris's beard but missed hitting Chuck in the face, Chuck proceeded to beat the holy hell out of the guy using nothing but his penis and elbow, Chuck has since installed security on his beard, with a deflector diverting bullets to his face, since he values his beard more than even his rugged good looks.
Chuck Norris can kill a dog in 7 ways, 4 of which involve throwing missiles at it.
Chuck Norris once went to jail. The morning after his first night all the inmates, all the guards, and the warden had bleeding assholes.
Chuck Norris lucky number is one, becuase thats how many tries it takes him to accomplish any task.
If you ever get the chance to play Chuck Norris in Madden football, he will beat you 56-7.Chuck Norris refers to himself in fourth person.
Chuck Norris told that one kid from the Sixth Sense that he has AIDS. He then smiled.
Artificial insemination was invented when, during an intense and vigorous masturbation session, Chuck Norris' high velocity ejaculate penetrated a woman's vagina from a quarter of a mile away.  
Chuck Norris once killed a man with his bare hands. He then revived him with his bare hands only to end his life with a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris killed Mcgyver by making a set of nun-chucks using newspaper, two toothpicks, a womans weave, and a 3 legged dog.
Chuck Norris' penis is so large, that he in fact has to tie it around his left leg so that it doesn't get in the way of his round-house kick.
Chuck Norris once leaned against a tower in Pisa, Italy.
Chuck Norris can juggle 12 bar stools when drunk but only 8 when sober.  
chuck norris invented racism because he thought the world was filled with 
There are three ways to do things. The right way, the wrong way and the Chuck Norris way. The Chuck Norris way is just the wrong way but with more roundhouse kicks.
Chuck has 5 letters. Norris has 6. When placed together we get 56. 1956 was the year of the first airborn nuclear test. Coincidence? I think not.
Chuck Norris invented death just so he could kill people.
To keep is his mind sharp Chuck Norris plays Tic-Tac-Toe versus himself. He wins every time.
Chuck Norris wore jeans so tight his wife became sterile.
Chuck Norris was on a season of Survivor once, but the entire season got cut after Chuck Norris murdered everyone on the island for eating his Cheetos.
When asked his opinion about the war in Iraq, Chuck Norris said 
Someone once approached Chuck Norris suggesting that rearranging the letters in his name reveals the message 
Chuck Norris once crushed a school bus full of children with his forehead.
Chuck Norris always keeps a Werther's Original in his jean pocket... For the kids.
Chuck Norris was playing Tekken 5 one day and finally met his match. His 12-year old son beat him with Eddy Gordo by randomly pressing buttons. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked his son in the throat killing him instantly. That night Chuck Norris ate well... He ate well indeed...
Chuck Norris is how the West was won.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot isn't a storm. It's where Chuck Norris puts his victims.
Chuck Norris eats Viagra only so that he can have an extra loaded weapon on him at all times.
Chuck Norris found Nemo.
Chuck Norris shot at 50 Cent 9 times, but didn't finsh him because he wanted to do it with a roundhouse kick to the face. But 50 Cent ran in horror.
Chuck Norris once juggled a soccer ball 2,357 times... with just his penis.
Chuck Norris can travel through time by running at 88 miles per hour.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week. He then roundhouse kicked himself into next week, so he could roundhouse the man another week forward.
Chuck Norris is able to slam a revolving door.
Chuck Norris has a diary, it is called the Guinness Book Of World Records.
Chuck Norris' family crest is a picture of a baracudda eating Neil Armstrong.
Few people are aware that Chuck Norris is the first person to ever be diagnosed with beard cancer. Upon hearing this, Chuck Norris quickly beat the cancer into remission with a series of roundhouse kicks and rabbit punches.
Prince initially called 
Not many people know this but, Walker - Texas Ranger is actually a hidden camera show on Chuck Norris's life.
Congress is in the process of passing a bill to clone Chuck Norris for military purposes. They want his genes, particularly because Chuck Norris' eyes offer nightvision and 3x zoom capabilities.
Chuck Norris actually invented peanut butter, but while in transit to the patent office, George Washington Carver knocked him unconscious with the aid of chloroform and stole his patent. For revenge, Chuck Norris threw 7 freight trains on top of George Washington Carver. He died from this.
Chuck Norris is ranked 12th in the AP college football poll.
If an EMP were to go off within a close proximity of Chuck Norris, he would be rendered useless for a short period of time, because over 500 years ago, he traded the ability to see the future to Nostradamus for cybernetic arms, legs, and heart.
The title song 
Chuck Norris tought everyone in Texas karate, so it would look cooler when he kicked their ass on TV.
Everyone respects Chuck Norris so much, that when they fight him, they politely wait in turn for him to beat them up.
One day Chuck Norris was infact killed when he round house kicked someone in the face so hard that it shattered the universe. But in heaven, Chuck challenged God to an arm wrestling match. Chuck won, and the universe was reformed.
Chuck Norris once boned the Mona Lisa, which is why she smiles.
If you knock three times on a wooden object and shout the name of Chuck Norris with a lisp on your voice, he will appear to you and personally kick your ass. And it will be better than any orgasm you will ever experience.
Chuck Norris auditioned for the role of Albus Dumbledore for the movie 
Chuck Norris actually invented the 
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone the size of a baseball. The stone is on display as a moon rock at NASA.
Chuck Norris stole your bike.
Chuck Norris believes strongly in ending world hunger. He plans to do this by terminating the populations of all third world countries.
Chuck Norris is actually the love child of Willie Nelson and an mystical ninja mummy.
A ducks quack does not echo. Chuck Norris is solely responsible for this phenomenon. When asked why he will simply stare at your grimly.
Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
In an attempt to bolster ratings during sweeps week in 1988, CNN began referring to itself as the 
It is Chuck Norris' eye that adorns the Great Seal on the back of the $1 bill. He is all seeing.
Chuck Norris IS the 
Ask not what Chuck Norris will do for a Klondike bar, ask what the Klondike bar will do for Chuck Norris.
The shadow from Chuck Norris' mustache can accurately predict the length of winter to within 4 seconds. The groundhog has been rendered obsolete.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris was dropped at Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Chuck Norris does not see dead people. He eats them.
Chuck Norris and Steven Seagal are secretly married. Norris wears the pants.
Walker Texas Ranger is just a normal man, but when danger calls he transforms into Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is so awesome, he made the Bob Saget fact generator cease to exist. 
Chuck Norris' heart beats once every week.
One time Chuck Norris got bored so he flew to England and orally sodomized the entire royal family.
The original theme song to the Transformers was actually 
Chuck Norris was the first person to climb Mount Everest. Naked.
Chuck Norris spread the belief that women do not take shits... I believe him.
Chuck Norris goes to the toilet once a month, if he needs to or not.
Chuck Norris once fed a starving Ethiopian boy a 12 course meal, then promptly sacrificed the boy to Satan in an effort to boost the ratings of Walker Texas Ranger.
Chuck Norris is the worlds best actor because his moustache is  the worlds best acting coach.
Chuck Norris once made love to a Sasquatch. This resulted in the birth of George W. Bush, and the Sasquatch contacting an incurable form of Syphillis, known as 
Chuck Norris has every copy of National Geographic in his basement. He also has the ability to lift every single one of them at once.
In his spare time, Chuck Norris breeds thoroughbred horses by manually inseminating the females with his own semen.
Chuck Norris once injested Pop Rocks while drinking Coke, and lived to tell about it. He then proceeded to bitch slap the Pope for saying how much Walker Texas Ranger sucked.
There's no such thing as a tornado. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
To Chuck Norris, doorknobs and urination are seen as merely suggestions.
Chuck Norris can piss on the third rail and not get electrocuted.
Whereas most people are killed by a BAC of .45, Chuck Norris only passes out when the alcohol in his veins is less than 5% blood.
In response to his challenge, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked MC Hammer so hard that he went bankrupt. Chuch Norris then bellowed, 
Chuck Norris once tamed a wild stallion in the forest. He rode the horse across the United States and back in under 24 hours. When he returned home he killed the horse and ate the entire thing.
When he was a baby, Chuck Norris dropped his mother on her head. She never refused her breast milk to him again.
Chuck Norris loves cute little puppies. He especially loves them on rye with some pepper jack and a dash of paprika.
Chuck Norris once held an anti-government protest in Washington. At the news, the government was so terrified that it disbanded immediately and declared Chuck the new President. Though pleased, Chuck's only intent had been to lure in dirty hippies to kick their asses.
The Ice Age is contributed to Chuck Norris, that was the date of his last erection which blocked the sun's rays for 47 years.
Vin Diesel has only had one nightmare in his lifetime. It involved Chuck Norris, and his murderous group of Oompa-Loompas.
Chuck Norris cannot be seen without 4-D vision glasses. His beard requires 5-D vision glasses and sun screen.
Chuck Norris never showers... because he never breaks a sweat.
Chuck Norris circumcised himself. At birth. With his bare hands.
Chuck Norris ties dead puppies to his feet to simulate real blood spraying from the faces of his stunt actors.
Chuck Norris went to a fortune teller once. She predicted pain.
Chuck Norris once flushed himself down a toilet to fight an allegator. After defeating the beast with one swift round house kick, he went home to eat his neighbor's children.
Chuck Norris was the first human to willingly snort anthrax, all he did was sneeze and out came Steven Seagal and Jet Li.
Chuck Norris doesn't experience miricales, he makes them.
Once Chuck Norris made Jean Claude Van-Damme cry just by staring at him.
Chuck Norris eats tiger hearts every morning for strength, power, and wisdom. He eates men's hearts for sport.
The the Geneva Convention specifically forbids the use of Chuck Norris in an international conflict.
Chuck Norris knows Steven Segall personally. He is made up of the corn in Chuck Norris' fecal matter.
Booze gains alcohol content after passing through Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris CAN find a needle in a haystack, and then kill a man with the needle... or the haystack.
Each year, Chuck Norris brings gifts to people across the world as compensation for killing one of their loved ones. We know this day as Christmas.
Chuck Norris is the only man to never use an eraser.
Tony Danza reports to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris constructed his own iPod by staring intensely at 10,000 country-western bands until they fearfully compacted themselves into a 2x4x1/2 inch white rectangle.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Chuck Norris ate its entire family, killed the farmer who bred it, and had sex with the famers' wife all at the same time.
Rumors falsely claim that b29 bombers dropped the atom bombs on Japan. The truth is that Chuck Norris threw the bomb all the way to Hirosima.
Due to the excessive amount of unprotected sex Chuck Norris takes part in, it is garunteed that he appears in your family tree anywhere from 3 to 10 times.
Chuck Norris knows where in the world Carmen Sandiego is, but he won't tell because he doesn't want anyone to find the body.
Chuck Norris knows all the numbers of pi, but will only share them if he can be beaten in hand-to-hand combat. This is why we have supercomputers trying to figure it out instead.
The only person that can kill Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris. He is waiting until he runs out of other people to kill.
Chuck Norris was recently credited with finding a new race of people living in his chest hair.
The Fantastic 4 was originally The Fantastic 5 until Chuck Norris was kicked out for raping the Invisible Woman.
Chuck Norris doesn't need oxygen. He only inhales in order to absorb the ashes of his enemies in his lungs. And exhaling? That's because he doesn't want to shit.
One time a bee tried to sting Chuck Norris. He just laughed at it and blew it up with his laser vision.
Chuck Norris listens to Pantera to calm down.
Chuck Norris' sperm can penetrate 13 condoms, the birth control pill, a brick wall, and the 1975 Pittsburgh Steelers offensive line in order to impregnate a woman.
Chuck Norris can read every AIM conversation for they are stored on the infinite hard drive of his computer.
Chuck Norris embodies the only matter known to have escaped a black hole.
Chuck Norris' Blood Alcohol Level is continously 8.0, but he is always fine to drive.
Chuck Norris burned his eyeballs out with cigartettes just to prove to some grade eight students that smoking is dangerous.
The tide rises when Chuck Norris tells it to.
Stores will accept Monopoly money if Chuck Norris is paying.
Chuck Norris' laugh sounds like that of a small child. You wouldn't know this because he never laughs.
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
Chuck Norris was once fined $1,000 for drawing Native American war symbols in invisible ink on the canvases of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Impressionist wing.
Chuck Norris created whiskey to help control the Indians.
Oxygen requires Chuck Norris to live.
Chuck Norris once had a head on collision with the sun. Luckily, the sun is so far away that the shift of its position had no effect on Earth.
If you want to wear the same cologne as Chuck Norris, you'll be disappointed to find that Chuck Norris doesn't wear cologne. For two hundred dollars, however, Mr. Norris will fart on your chest before you go on a date.
Chuck Norris plays marbles with grenades.
Chuck Norris requires no stunt double, however his beard has stood in for the actor that played Chewbacca on many occasions.
Chuck Norris' bones cannot be broken by anyone except Chuck Norris. Sometimes Chuck breaks his own bones just to show off.
Cars were invented to have a faster way of fleeing from Chuck Norris. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris invented the car accident.
In order to shave, Chuck Norris would need a special razor made out of adamantium. The economic decline of the Carter administration caused the manufacturing of these razors to be too expensive, hence Chuck Norris now wears a beard.
The last person to challenge Chuck Norris to a hand-to-hand combat later became to founder of War-Amps.
Chuck Norris killed Rudolph, Donner, and Blitzen because they didnt join in any reindeer games.
Praying Mantises take after Chuck Norris. After having sex they bite off the head of their mate.
Chuck Norris was born a blonde, but the blood of his victims dyed his hair and beard to a healthy orange.
NASA hired Chuck Norris to save money. He kicks people into outer space, and they later land safely into his chest hair.
Chuck Norris removed his own tonsils. He didn't even have tonsillitis.
For every hour a plane ride takes, Chuck Norris can get to the destination in that many steps.
Lance Armstrong really didn't lose a testicle to cancer, he is actually the only living survivor to a Chuck Norris delivered round house kick to the balls
Chuck Norris once drank so much beer, all of the breweries of the world ran out. And then he started on wine...
When Chuck Norris enters a night club, he instantly becomes the life of the party. An instant is roughly how long it takes Chuck Norris to kill a room full of people.
Chuck Norris does not query the existence of God. God wonders if Chuck Norris is human, because he sure as hell never created him.
Chuck Norris once saved 500 people from a burning building in 0.3 seconds. He then proceeded to give each one a fatal round-house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris once dug his way to the center of the Earth using only a jar of petroleum jelly and his penis.
Chuck Norris created the first perpetual motion machine by hanging a Volkswagen Beetle on the end of a tetherball pole then kicking it. Thus he solved the world's energy problem.
Chuck Norris melts dry ice in his pool so he can swim without getting wet.
At this very moment, there is a 50/50 chance that Chuck Norris is boning your sister.
Chuck Norris once took 12 NoDoz pills and then slept for 48 straight hours, just to prove a point.
Chuck Norris used his bare hands and caught the Road Runner. He then roundhouse kicked Wile E. Coyote for being so incompetent.
When Chuck Norris found out dolphins were becoming an endangered species, he banged flipper and she gave birth 100 times.
Chuck Norris snorts battery acid to get a buzz. He claims it tickles.
When on vacation in December of '04 Chuck Norris was stung by a jelly fish. Delirious with rage at the unadulterated insolence, he roundhouse kicked the ocean into submission. The result nearly wiped out a generation of Thais.   
Chuck Norris chiseled the image of Mount Rushmore into his abs with a butter knife.
When Chuck Norris bleeds, oak trees sprout up from where the blood fell.
Chuck Norris promised a Gypsy that he would eat San Francisco when Duke Nukem Forever is released. That's why it has been pushed back so many times.
Chuck Norris knows how to pronounce Cthulhu. However, if he says Cthulhu in the correct pronounciation, several Turkmenistanian virgins will be sacrificed to Loki.
Chuck Norris can penetrate a female from up to a mile away, not psychokinetically, he just has a very large cock.
Chuck Norris likes Pina Coladas, but fucking hates getting caught in the rain.
Scientology is Chuck Norris' first sucessful get-rich-quick scheme.
Chuck Norris loves the smell of naplam in the morning.
Chuck Norris knows exactly where Waldo is on every page. Even the pirate one.
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cheesewheel to show a group of third graders how badass he is.
Once a grizzly bear threatened to eat Chuck Norris. Chuck showed the bear his fist and the bear proceeded to eat himself, because it would be the less painful way to die.
Chuck Norris let the dogs out. He has yet released a public apology for his actions.
Chuck Norris believes that a flamethrower is an essential part of a well balanced breakfast.
Chuck Norris eats members of the Ku Klux Klan for lunch every Thursday.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff AND the deputy. He then occupied the position of deputy.
Chuck Norris caught all 386 pokemon in just under 2.7 seconds. He says he won't trade any of them for anything. 
One does not punch Chuck Norris; Chuck Norris headbutts one's fist.
Chuck Norris will kick you, and it will hurt. Forever.
Chuck Norris can stop time for up to two hours by thinking about pineapples
Chuck Norris punched a woman in the vagina when she didn't give him exact change.
If you shoot Chuck Norris, you'll only make him angry.
Chuck Norris once destroyed Tokyo for fun, but was able to rebuild it in a matter of milliseconds.
Chuck Norris starts his day with a bowl of oatmeal, some pancakes and a glass of fresh squeezed Nazi juice.
Chuck Norris once fought off 42 ninjas bilndfolded, while having sex with 3 women. 
Chuck Norris built the entire continent of Asia in two days using just a spoon and Teen People magazine.
Every piece of furniture in Chuck Norris' house is a Total Gym.
Chuck Norris and Snoop Dogg once had a free style rap battle so awsome that people now celebrate the holiday Easter to remember the day.
Shortly after Bruce Lee's death, Chuck Norris worked as a Chemist, during which time he discovered the element of surprise and later, painium. He won a nobel prize for his work which he put next to his imaginary Oscar on his trophy shelf.
Halloween was invented when Chuck Norris disguised himself as a ghost so that he could beat up a pumpkin, light it on fire, and steal all of its candy.
Chuck Norris, when clean-shaven, radiates the heat of three suns.
The Internet slang Mott's apple juice originally started as an inside joke between Chuck Norris and his invisible friend. His invisible friend bet him that he couldn't urinate into bottles and sell it to people.
Chuck Norris invented the cure for polio when he was bored one day.
Chuck Norris is what Willis is talkin' 'bout.
Chuck Norris knows whether the moon landings were fake or not.
Chuck Norris was the first person to tame a dinosaur.
Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Time waits for no man. Unless that man is Chuck Norris.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
Chuck Norris breathes air … five times a day.
In the Beginning there was nothing … then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked nothing and told it to get a job.
Chuck Norris has a mug of nails instead of coffee in the morning.
If Chuck Norris were to travel to an alternate dimension in which there was another Chuck Norris and they both fought, they would both win.
The dinosaurs looked at Chuck Norris the wrong way once. You know what happened to them...
Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard that his foot broke the speed of light
If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, ‘Two seconds till.’ After you ask, ‘Two seconds to what?’ he roundhouse kicks you in the face.
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave , because revenge is a dish best served cold.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
There is no chin behind Chuck Norris’ beard. There is only another fist.
The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his pee as a canned beverage. It’s now called Red Bull.
If paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, what beats all 3 at the same time? Chuck Norris.
On the 7th day, God rested … Chuck Norris took over.
Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball.
Chuck Norris drinks napalm to fight his heartburn.
Chuck Norris’ roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
If you want a list of Chuck Norris’ enemies, just check the extinct species list.
Chuck Norris has never blinked in his entire life. Never.
Chuck Norris once shot an enemy plane down with his finger, by yelling, “Bang!”
Chuck Norris does not use spell check. If he happens to misspell a word, Oxford will change the spelling.
Some kids pee their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can pee his name into concrete.
Chuck Norris’ calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, because no one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity… twice.
Chuck Norris can speak Braille.
Chuck Norris can have both feet on the ground and kick butt at the same time.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris stands faster than anyone can run.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris’ leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Chuck Norris once won a game of Connect Four in three moves.
Champions are the breakfast of Chuck Norris.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.
Chuck Norris does not hunt because the word hunting implies the possibility of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.
The dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
When Chuck Norris writes, he makes paper bleed.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris never retreats; He just attacks in the opposite direction.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris once punched a man in the soul.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
Chuck Norris once had a heart attack. His heart lost.
When Chuck Norris looks in a mirror, the mirror shatters. Because not even glass is dumb enough to get in between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn’t turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
The only time Chuck Norris was ever wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.
Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet.
The quickest way to a man’s heart is with Chuck Norris’s fist.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Chuck Norris used to beat up his shadow because it was following to close. It now stands 15 feet behind him.
There has never been a hurricane named Chuck because it would have destroyed everything.
Outer space exists because it’s afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he’s pushing the Earth down.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
In Pamplona, Spain, the people may be running from the bulls, but the bulls are running from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris spices up his steaks with pepper spray.
The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Chuck Norris out. It didn’t work.
Chuck Norris can get in a bucket and lift it up with himself in it.
Most people have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Chuck Norris has 72… and they’re all lethal.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
Chuck Norris doesn’t shower, he only takes blood baths.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its descendants are now known as giraffes.
When Chuck Norris was born, the only person who cried was the doctor. Never slap Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Chuck Norris proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren’t before his first space expedition.
Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
Chuck Norris once ordered a steak in a restaurant. The steak did what it was told.
We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris had to stop washing his clothes in the ocean. Too many tsunamis.
Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.
Chuck Norris can cook minute rice in 30 seconds.
Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.
Superman owns a pair of Chuck Norris undies.
Chuck Norris doesn’t breathe, he holds air hostage.
Chuck Norris can clap with one hand.
Chuck Norris doesn’t need to shave. His beard is scared to grow.
Before he forgot a gift for Chuck Norris, Santa Claus was real.
In an average living room there are a thousand objects Chuck Norris could use to kill you, including the room itself.
Chuck Norris invented airplanes because he was tired of being the only person that could fly.
Chuck Norris’s belly button is actually a power outlet.
Freddy Krueger has nightmares about Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the only man who can fight himself and win.
Chuck Norris’ cowboy boots are made from real cowboys.
Chuck Norris can start a fire with an ice cube.
The flu gets a Chuck Norris shot every year.
Chuck Norris uses pepper spray to season his meat.
Chuck Norris plays Jenga with Stonehenge.
When the Tooth fairy comes to your house she takes your tooth and gives you money. When Chuck Norris comes to your house he breaks your tooth and takes your money.
Chuck Norris won an arm wrestling tournament, with both arms tied behind his back.
When Chuck Norris's parents had nightmares, they would come to his bedroom.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Ghosts tell Chuck Norris stories at the campfire.
When Chuck Norris looked into the abyss, the abyss looked the other way.
Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn’t turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
The dinosaurs looked at Chuck Norris the wrong way once. You know what happened to them...
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris’ leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Chuck Norris once climbed Mt. Everest in 15 minutes, 14 of which he was building a snowman at the bottom.
Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave, because revenge is a dish best served cold.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris tells Simon what to do.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says it’s beef, then it’s beef.
Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
The Loch Ness Monster claims to have seen Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria’s secret.
Chuck Norris doesn't dial the wrong number, you pick up the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris plays Russian roulette with a fully loaded revolver. And wins.
Chuck Norris’ email address is Gmail@chucknorris.com
When Chuck Norris was born, he drove his Mother home from the hospital.
Chuck Norris doesn’t flush the toilet. He scares the shit out of it.
Chuck Norris uses ribbed condoms inside out, so he gets the pleasure.
When Chuck Norris turned 18, his parents moved out.
The Dead Sea was alive before Chuck Norris swam there.
Chuck Norris doesn’t fill out online forms because he doesn’t submit.
Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare he only eats unicorns.
A bulletproof vest wears Chuck Norris for protection.
Chuck Norris once won an underwater breathing contest with a fish.
The Great Wall of China was created to keep Chuck Norris out. It didn’t work.
Chuck Norris can sit in the corner of a round room.
Chuck Norris can make a slinky go upstairs.
Chuck Norris’ cowboy boots are made from real cowboys.
Before he forgot a gift for Chuck Norris, Santa Claus was real.
Chuck Norris had to stop washing his clothes in the ocean. Too many tsunamis.
